there are drums of flammable oil stored in our locality. Is it possible to store them elsewhere
there has ben a leakage in gas pipeline for the past few days. Cant find professionals to fix it.
Reduce oil prices immidiately
Frequent power cut in the area 
Fuel is precious. Please use it wisely.
In upcoming days CNG usage will rise to more than petrol and diesel.
There was sparking in my electric generator due to fuel leakage.
I can hear voices of crying children from my neighbor. I think they are being abused.
Yesterday i saw few people bullying a person from my locality.
Was passing by the vathur bus stop and a group of boys teased me.
I feel that someone is going to break in and kill me.
The only shop in my area is charging very high prices for items.
An old man is getting abused by his family
Someone is continuously following me. Feeling scared.
I saw bruises on my maid face. I think she is a victim of domestic violence.
Due to lack in any means of transport horse cart owner is charging very high prices.
My father is ill treated.
I recently came to know that my brother is adopted and that's why he is ill treated by my parents.
Nearby shops are charging way beyond the MRP prices.
Devesh was beating Aabhas with rod stick.
These days students are learning to bully from school itself.
Police assaulted senior citizen for not having proper documents.
Media houses have to much of liberty and they harass people a lot.
My neighbor, Mr. Rao is a salesman who is frustrated due to no income and he fights with his wife, shouts horribly and breaks things almost everyday
An elderly man in our locality is hateful of the entire family and even the shopkeepers harass them by refusing to sell items to them.
3 people have crashed in my neighbors house for some money matter.
Soon, the local social media fills with xenophobia and hate, along with demands that the foreigners go back to where they came from.
All of you are missing the point. One wrong does not justify another wrong. If you say that  Muslims are spreading  hate , so are you by citing selected verses from  Quran. How can you condemn something while doing exactly the same yourselves. It is  hypocrisy 
Crazy white woman terrorizing brown people racism
In this webinar, ryanmauro speaks to former jihadist JesseMorton and former neo-nazi  SchoepJeff to discuss how extremists are using the current  pandemic to justify  Antisemitism and how they find a common focus of their hate-filled ideologies.
Our children are traumatized on so many levels by this quarantine from Covid-19.
rape by parents and relatives is now common; where then will the generation of  girls find refuge. One who is supposed to be protecting you from  sexual  physical and  emotional  abuse victimizes you; where is  social protection Who then shall we trust? 
She is an absolute  arrogant  disgrace -  shameful and no respect for the gentleman she was interviewing. She planned to gang up on him and hit him hard - lack of  rational sense was from her. Pure  hate from her.  she is a disgrace.
Think there's a minority who have an issue with  NHS staff as I got verbally abused in a store - a woman shouted in my face as she pushed me to go in a queue. When I brought my ID out to get discount she shouted oh clap for the NHS hero amongst other things
Took me years to realise. It isn't ok! If the Warning signs show, get out from abuse!
They lost their jobs due to COVID-19. Request you to pls help them.
I lost my job due to this sudden covid outbreak.
Economic downfall will soon create job crises.
Employee are not happy with the relief funds provided.
emi should be reduced and less interest rate should be charged on loans and other policies.
tv news channel focus more on fake news.
work from home should be manditory for all companies