I want to travel back to my native place.
Want curfew pass for case of emergency travel.
I had started towards my home 120 km away on my car.
Firstline workers facing issues as no cabs are available
Want to go back to my family place. Currently staying in the hotel.
Want to travel from bangalore to delhi. Any means of transport available?
I haven't seen my family for a long time and they need my support. I need to be there.
Residing in green zone but not able to get travel permssion even for getting essential household items.
Few days back my vehicle was seized by police, now don't have any means of transport.
My visa about to get expire. Want some travel arrangements to be done to fly back to Austria.
Five construction workers started walking from kerela to bihar but are stranded in karnataka border.
I live in pg where its difficult to get food. When are flights and trains getting started.
You are giving permission to celebrities like Rishi kapoors daughter to travel while normal people are not getting passes within the city. 
I cancelled my advance booking on irctc website but refund is not initiated yet.
Due to lack in any means of transport horse cart owner is charging very high prices. Please give update when daily buses will resume.
The temporary bridge is broken due to heavy flow of river water, so we are not able to go to cities.
Daily a truck of refugees breaks into the city via the south highway road. Travel ban should be imposed on the trucks too.
I want to drive to my home town to attend a funeral and need paas. send me back.
I came to Bangalore to work and have been stuck here for so long due to the lockdown, I need to get to my elderly parents who are in a small town in Maharashtra which is declared a red zone. 
My son went to Delhi to prepare for competitive exams and now he is stuck there with some friends as their institution has closed down and he is unable to return. 
Me and family stranded on roadside on the way to mysore. Car is not working.
I am a Canadian resident.. I am in Panama and the airport continue closed here and there aren't humanitarian flights to Canada neither. Please I need back to see my family, return to get my job!.  I've been waiting for a humanitarian flight since early April
I appeal to central govt, please  take care of laboure's , provide transport facilities.
If they start to walk by themselves it's very different to find them and migrate them. and Central gov have already passed notice to all states to make sure they dont need to walk. Now states can arrange transport.
U need to stop all this arrange means of transport for them n give them tickets at station.
10 migrant labour from Bihar near my locality are stuck here they  want to go back to their native place by road. I have been trying to register them on below site but it is not working
100,000 Crew Members Stranded on Cruise Ships as Cruise Lines Refuse to Agree to Pay for Repatriation Expenses
70 workmen stuck in Tidong HE Project near Recongpeo to go back to their homes in Bihar. No help from any nodal officer for migrant workers yet.
Add more world class international outbound flights so stranded that NRIs can reunite with their families.
Air Asia Support Since yesterday I already DM my booking code for some help. My flight to Thai cancelled due to covid-19, already request credit account thru AVA. However I can not request credit account for my flight back from Thailand a week later. Until now no response.
all the employees who are stuck on the way roads and going to their home
All those who wish to travel from gujarat to jk by train have to register on gujarat govt portal. Anyone from jk who is stranded in Gujarat may do so immediately. Its only train scheduled from Gujarat.
Anyone any idea when atleast domastic flights will resume?
As Phase 2 of Vande Bharat Mission to carry Indians from other countries is slated to commence from May 19. NRIs have urged the Ministry of Civil Aviation to resume connecting flights to New Delhi, from south India.
But, what about those STUDENTS  and WORKERS who stuck in WESTBENGAL and want to go back to their home.
Can we go home with private 4 wheeler vehicles? Actually mother is stuck with me since Holi.
Dear sir request you please arrange Flights from Chennai to ahmedabad as I am here with family and kids want to travel back to ahmedabad. I am here since lockdown started. You have started many flights all over India. But no flights is there from chennai to Ahmedabad
My sister in law has applied for e pass to travel from Mumbai to Beed district in Maharashtra.
Effort from Congress to mobilize all local units to arrange transport.
EMPLOYERS use public transport because they live miles away and have no alternative. no one is using public transport.
Hello sir my father is very serious, he has to go to Patna for treatment and in Bihar during the covid19 it's very difficult to get any transportation to reach Patna , and I am in Delhi unfortunately I can't reach there so I request to Bihar police please help him.
Hi, unfortunately we have no update on when normal international flights will resume due to the unpredictability of COVID-19 and other countries immigration changes.
How can i get the e-pass to travel back from New Delhi to Prayagraj. My Brother's is Stuck in New Delhi.
I am not able to understand that Why they are not resuming the domestic flights. If they can resume train why not flights. Every one wants to go to their families.
I had been stuck in Kolkata because of lockdown. I want to travel back to my hometown Hyderabad address.
I have applied for migrant pass for up before 20 days on jansunvai app. I have alone and  stuck in Mumbai. Please do needful so that I can reach my home.
I have been issued travel pass but no further communication regarding travel options. I had opted for govt assistance in traveling back to Bengaluru from Ahmedabad.
I m stuck in India with my 8 month old infant. I can't take the repartition flights as my visa isn't stamped.
If the lockdown gets extended beyond may 17, I kindly request you to consider air services within Tamilnadu for inter district travel.
is therE anY actioN takeN bY jharkhanD govT. foR migranT workeR tO brinG bacK tO hiS homE? iF yeS thaN whY mY eldeR brotheR iS stilL stucK iN mehsanA,gujraT? registatioN waS donE nearlY 20 dayS agO buT stilL nO responsE. pleasE trY tO brinG hiM bacK immedietelY.
Nothing is benefiting air travellers for now. People are stranded in different places and requesting you everyday to resume domestic flights.
how can i reach you from salanpur, WB Local police said bring your personal vehicle only that pass we can issue.
Many travelers are still waiting to get back to their homes, jobs and daily routine.
me and my 4 colleagues are stranded in india due to lockdown and want to travel to uganda as our company needs us urgently. We all have valid work permit and other required documents.