Much needed essential supplies not available in nearby store.
dont have money to buy essential items 
run out of gas . Unable to get gas cylinders
Gas cannisters are empty please refill it.
requesting supplies of kerosene
Too frequent power cuts in our locality. Need supply of kerosine to run the generator
Please donate coal for burning of stove.
CitySafe Durham is now operating delivery service where volunteers will deliver essential items, drop off prescriptions to vulnerable people.
products such as cookware, innerwear
multifunction scissors, automatic mops, hair trimmers topped customers shopping cart.
The list of essentials needs to be broadened to include kitchen essentials, stationery, computers, IT accessories
we wanted to deliver Coconut Oil and Desiccated Coconut.
Need to ship pet essential supplies for dogs and cats
shipping newborn Clothes and other essentials like nappies, blankets during the lockdown
people want to ship home products like floor cleaner, dishwash gel, handwash.
Can someone deliver toiletry bag and other bathroom utlilities.
list of essential items includes Sanitary napkins , Diapers , Soaps and detergents Surface cleaners and disinfectants.
Tissue papers , toothpaste, tooth brush and other oral care products are also part of essential commodities.
Baby Products, Baby milk formula should be considered as important things to be supplied.
Face wash, Shampoo, Oral hygiene products.
Laptops, mobile phones, and accessories, computer hardware, webcams, all these things should be allowed to be part of essential goods.
Battery, dish washer , fabric care , paper tissues , towel , clothes , shoes , slippers
lubricants, greases and engine oils, mining, fuel and petroleum
livestock transporters, farmer’s markets, feed stores, agricultural equipment, gas, diesel and petroleum suppliers 
chemicals including pesticides, herbicides and fertilizer producers and distributors.
Trying to include items like water, snacks, bandages, etc.
Distribution of essential items like dry packets,  mosquito nets, cloths, lamps, sanitary  napkins,by a team of Forum for People's.
toilet paper, bar soap, liquid soap, toothpaste, facial tissue, shampoo
A number of essential items: bandaids, gauze, inhalers, white sheets required for 50 people.
#COVID19 relief packages should include essential reproductive health commodities like menstrual health items, oral contraceptives, condoms, spermicide, and lubrication.
babies are receiving diapers and essential baby items.
let us know that if there is a stop in the supplies of necessity like water, electricity, milk.
The key challenges to menstrual hygiene management (MHM) are unavailabity of sanitary napkins.
During the initial phase of the lockdown, sanitary napkins were not included in the list of the daily usage necessity. 
unless for the provision of essential goods and services. She clearly needs to get money. 
Let me know if anyone needs essential supplies ( water / protein bars )
I want fertilizers and seeds to grow crops in my farm.
water storage container, bulbs, tubelights , Battery, charger , plug required.
I have no utensils, gas cylinder in my kitchen.