Two people suffering from fever and cold
I need to take my father to hospital for dialysis.
Need an ambulance urgently
accident in the area and arm broken, need to go to hospital
My blood pressure is low.
food poisoning by eating old distributed food
I am hungry from last three days. My glucose level is very low and bp is very high. Need help urgently.
I was travelling from karnataka to tamil nadu and met with an accident. I need medical assistance for my fractured leg.
my daughter ate expired medicine. I am unable to call any hospital.
my aunt is feeling uneasiness since morning. This can be a symptom of corona. Send check up team immediately.
I read a news article and I suspect I have cancer. As a precautionary measure I want my body checkup
There was sparking in my electric generator due to fuel leakage and I got a third degree burn.
Dry ration provided is of bad quality. People are getting sick after consuming them.
My father is sick.
My son is ill due to bad weather.
I have been coughing for several days now, but recently I am also feeling a blockage on my throat, weaknesss and fever. 
My wife is a construction worker and since we don't have enough meals now due to shortage of money, she is weak and unable to get up
need medical assistance
I am running out of my insulin injections.
Me and my parents are stuck alone in our house with severe health issues. My father has heart problems and my mother is bedridden. I need medical assistance.
Hello sir my father is very serious, he has to go to Patna for treatment and in Bihar during the covid19 it's very difficult.
17 people died in accident no medical help
Exxon donates ambulances, vehicles, medical supplies for COVID-19
faye dsouza please see migrants and others staying in sant Nagar/ garhi/ prakash mohalla east of Kailash need help. There are many without medicines in the area. Request you to please ask NGO/people to help them with basic. 
Govt sends medical supplies to various States
I had the same issue with my medical aid at first but they need a written letter from your psychiatrist stating that your diagnosis is chronic. I don't know how it's determined, but mine was considered genetic.
If anyone is in need, call me okay! I'll use my first aid kit.
IndianEmbRiyadh Sir, submitted online request to travel India on Medical Emergency, I am suffering from Severe Head abnormality and heart problems. In this lockdown did many tests; MRI, CT Scan etc, unable to trace real cause of illness
My hometown WuxiCity not only dispatched medical workers to Hubei Province badly-hit by COVID19, but also donated medical supplies to its sister sities in 16 countries. Highly appreciated
Our Biomedical team has an ongoing partnership with Project CURE, an organization that donates much needed medical supplies to hospitals.
Our high school just sent out a request for help for our local hospital in the suburbs. They want us to make surgical caps! They are short supplied. 
Sir, i would like to inform you that, my mother admitted in Nehru Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital defence colony due to covid 19, she is suffering from sleeping issues and she is crying frequently , i request you kindly help on this.
There have never been adequate stockpiles of necessary medical supplies for this type of contingency, even though it's been known for generations that these situations arise. Capitalism does not safeguard public health.
today morning team of Doctors will come and take the testing sample. Its noon already and there is no one here to take sample. Also the Aarogya Setu app says I am safe.
Trump mulls executive order that would limit any federal contracts for essential drugs and medical treatments to manufacturers in the U.S.
We are manufacturers of best quality ppe kits for health care workers and our doctors.
Where's the medic car when you need one, or were these days when you would need your own first aid kit
we need to ship Ayurveda medicine to patients. i am ayurvedic Doctor shipping products from my clinic.
diabetes is a progressive disease. Will you require insulin? 
weight, exercise, genetics, hormones and beta-cells, those cells that produce insulin in your pancreas.
thyroiditis is a type of autoimmune thyroid disease in which the immune system attacks and changes the texture of the thyroid gland.
Reviewing health problems and outbreaks; this includes chronic diseases, injuries, and social factors that influence health status 
asthama, spinal pain, headache, malaria, hepatitis C, dengue, tuberculosis, injuries, chronic lower respiratory disease.
Alzheimer's disease, diabetes, influenza and pneumonia, cough, common cold, stroke and cerebrovascular diseases.
Influenza (The Flu), Bronchitis, gastroenteritis (Stomach Flu), ear Infections
My mother has fallen very sick recently and she has been admitted to the hospital. The doctors have diagnosed that she might have typhoid and they will have to keep her at the hospital under observation.
Govt hospitals to check on hygiene due to reports of diseases.
My father was admitted during the Covid19 pandemic. No obvious symptoms of corona virus. They suspected he might have covid19. Discharged next day. Sent to Civil hospital. Test results came negative.
My Mom suffered from Kidney Stone and due to which there was a urine blockage at ureter and caused infection within body. And because of this, she had lung infection and breathlessness.
I took Acupuncture treatment for my sciatica and 17 yrs migraine headache, now i am relieved of sciatica and migraine without medicine
I got invisalign treatment while my mother got her dental implants treatment.
There is a cavity in my premolar, i need to get it filled.
i have tooth ache since a week. I need to see a dentist.
Hospital is in need of more ventilators as number of patients is increasing.
There is a faulty ventilator that needs to be replaced.