Much needed essential supplies not available in nearby store.
dont have money to buy essential items 
run out of gas . Unable to get gas cylinders
requesting supplies of kerosene
Too frequent power cuts in our locality. Need supply of kerosine to run the generator
we do not have candles or oil for lighting.
Please provide coal for burning of stove.
The delivery workers of essential items should always wear masks as they come in contact with hundreds of people. Government should provide masks for them.
Equipment required at hospital. patients need mask and sanitizers
My inhaler isnt working and I need a new one asap.
20,000 surgical masks in stock now.
B737-700 Cargo operation stripping out passenger cabin seats to load cartons of medical supplies of personal protective equipment (PPE)
1,000,000 Nitrile gloves just arrived in stock. Severe worldwide shortage.
China's Ministry of Defense donated to Brunei medical supplies including masks, goggles, protective clothing, waterproof isolation suits, etc.
Covid - medical supplies ecommerce shop website template is for selling first aid items, PPE or any other essential medical supplies. 
CitySafe Durham is now operating delivery service where volunteers will deliver essential items, drop off prescriptions to vulnerable people.
Countries were not being able to access medical supplies from suppliers because governments forbade the exports. Will there be shortages of other products in the coming months, due to government blocks?
For $50 you can sponsor 25 masks including shipping and materials for our sewists. Any amount will be greatly appreciated.
For anyone looking for PPE Supplies, my company has made it more accessible to the public.
Hand Sanitizer, it don't need to wash with water and quick dry. 
Place an order for our anti-bacterial hand-wipes!
Sanitizers 8 ounce available at Neptunes
Amazon, Flipkart request govt to let them sell essential items.
It is clarified that sale by e-commerce companies will continue to be permitted for essential goods only.
products such as cookware, innerwear and repairing services be allowed.
multifunction scissors, automatic mops, hair trimmers topped customers shopping cart.
The list of essentials needs to be broadened to include kitchen essentials, stationery, computers, IT accessories, and it needs to be done in a fair and phased manner
we wanted to deliver Virgin Coconut Oil and Desiccated Coconut.
Need to ship pet essential supplies for dogs and cats, especially personal care items.
shipping newborn Clothes and other essentials like nappies, blankets etc during the lockdown?
we want to ship home products like floor cleaner, dishwash gel, handwash.
list of essential items includes Sanitary napkins , Diapers , Soaps and detergents Surface cleaners and disinfectants.
Tissue papers , Toothpaste and other oral care products are also part of essential commodities.
Face masks, Sanitizer, Gloves, Baby Products, Baby milk formula, Thermometers
Face wash, Shampoo, Oral hygiene products, Books & Stationery Items, shower gel