0,I need daily rations in Attur
0,Give rice, dal oil
0,people are hungary 
0,provide rations for 6 people for 10 days
0,Need prepared food for 20 people in slum
0,Need groceries for a family in quarantine
0,my sugar, eggs and milk are over. I have small chidren. 
0,Need food packets for 20 people
0,I want bread and rice for my home
0,Food exhausted in public canteen. need supplies
0,cafeteria ran out of ration.
0,we are not able to serve everyone in the canteen. Requesting rice and wheat.
0,mess hall is not able to fullfil requirements of the locality.
0,stock in our restaurant is stale. requesting fresh grains.
1,Two people suffering from fever and cold 
1,Pregnant lady needs help
1,I need to take my father to hospital for dialysis. Please arrange transport.
1,Equipment required at hospital
1,people need mask and sanitizers
1,Need an ambulance urgently
1,An old man needs doctor
1,accident in the area need doctor
1,arm broken need to go to hospital
1,food poisoning due to spoiled supply
2,5 people trapped with no internet in whitefield
2,requesting mobile recharge for 2 phones
2,network coverage is weak in hsr
2,no connectivity. Need help.
2,I am not able to call helplines
2,my phone is damaged. Requesting spare
2,is it possible to deliver a phone in kormangla as mine is not working
2,sim card issue. No shops open
2,network tower broken down in whitefield
2,calls are not connecting from airtel
3,I want to travel back to my native place. Any help would be appreciated
3,No nearby store open need urgent transport help.
3,Want curfew pass for case of emergency travel.
3,Firstline workers facing issues as no cabs are available
3,Want to go back to my family place. Currently staying in the hotel.
3,Want to travel from bangalore to delhi. Any means of transport available?
3,Residing in green zone but not able to get travel permssion even for getting essential household items.
3,Few days back my vehicle was seized by police ,now don't have any means of transport for getting groceries.
3,my car brokedown and want it to get repaired urgently.
3,My visa about to get expire. Want some travel arrangements to be done to fly back to Austia.
4,I can hear voices of crying children from my neighbor. I think they are being abused.
4,Yesterday i saw few people bullying a person from my locality.
4,Was passing by the vathur bus stop and a group of boys teased me.. Urgently help
4,I feel that someone is going to break in and kill me. HELP
4,The only shop in my area is charging very high prices for items.
4,An old man is getting abused by his family
4,Someone is continusly following me.Feeling scared.
4,I am not able to contact my friend from past few days. I think he might be harassed.
4,My neighbor attempted suicide .She is in hospital right now ,urgent help needed
4,I saw bruises on my maid face. I think she is a victim of domestic violence.