I can hear voices of crying children from my neighbor. I think they are being abused.
Yesterday i saw few people bullying a person from my locality.
Was passing by the vathur bus stop and a group of boys teased me.
I feel that someone is going to break in and kill me.
The only shop in my area is charging very high prices for items.
An old man is getting abused by his family
Someone is continusly following me. Feeling scared.
I am not able to contact my friend from past few days. I think his life is in danger.
I saw bruises on my maid face. I think she is a victim of domestic violence.
Due to lack in any means of transport horse cart owner is charging very high prices.
My father is ill treated.
I recently came to know that my brother is adopted and that's why he is ill treated by my parents.
Nearby shops are charging way beyond the MRP prices.
Devesh was beating Aabhas with rod stick.
These days students are learning to bully from school itself.
I think i am in depression due to mental stress i am facing from my family regarding my marriage.
Police assaulted senior citizen for not having proper ration cards.
Media houses have to much of liberty and they harass people a lot.
My neighbor, Mr. Rao is a salesman who is frustrated due to no income and he fights with his wife, shouts horribly and breaks things almost everyday
An elderly man in our locality was tested positive for coronavirus long back, has recovered and since then everybody is hateful of the entire family and even the shopkeepers harass them by refusing to sell items to them. 
3 people have crashed in my neighbors house for some money matter.
Soon, the local social media fills with xenophobia and hate, along with demands that the foreigners go back to where they came from.
All of you are missing the point. One wrong does not justify another wrong. If you say that  Muslims are spreading  hate , so are you by citing selected verses from  Quran. How can you condemn something while doing exactly the same yourselves. It is  hypocrisy 
Crazy white woman terrorizing brown people  racism
In this webinar,  ryanmauro speaks to former jihadist  JesseMorton and former neo-nazi  SchoepJeff to discuss how extremists are using the current  pandemic to justify  Antisemitism and how they find a common focus of their  hate-filled ideologies.
Rape case of a minor Dalit Girl at Chaderghat,Hyd. Team of SIPAHE NGO headed by Gen.Sec Fazil Mohammed Khan visited victim's house collected information,assured necessary helpand provided RationKit.
Abusive Relationships: Need get out safely
love  selfcare  selflove  trauma  single4life  confused  depression  anxiety  reactive abuse
Our children are traumatized on so many levels by this quarantine from Covid-19.  No Food  Sexual Abuse
rape by parents and relatives is now common; where then will the generation of  girls find refuge. One who is supposed to be protecting you from  sexual  physical and  emotional  abuse victimizes you; where is  socialprotection Who then shall we trust? 
She is an absolute  arrogant  disgrace -  shameful and no respect for the gentleman she was interviewing. She planned to gang up on him and hit him hard - lack of  rational sense was from her. Pure  hate from her.  she is a disgrace.
Stop this. Stop all of this.queer phobia  forcible Institutionalisation  forcible Medication  suicide  abuse  sexism
Think there's a minority who have an issue with  NHS staff as I got verbally abused in a store - a woman shouted in my face as she pushed me to go in a queue. When I brought my ID out to get discount she shouted oh clap for the NHS hero amongst other things
Took me years to realise. It isn't ok! If the Warning signs show, get out from abuse!