Two people suffering from fever and cold
I need to take my father to hospital for dialysis.
Equipment required at hospital. patients need mask and sanitizers
Need an ambulance urgently
accident in the area and arm broken, need to go to hospital
The delivery workers of essential items should always wear masks as they come in contact with hundreds of people. Government should provide masks for them.
My blood pressure is low.
food poisoning by eating old distributed food
I am hungry from last three days. My glucose level is very low and bp is very high. Need help urgently.
I was travelling from karnataka to tamil nadu and met with an accident. My bike is broken and I need medical assistance for my fractured leg.
my daughter ate expired medicine. I am unable to call any hospital.
my aunt is feeling uneasiness since morning. This can be a symptom of corona. Send check up team immediately.
I read a news article and I suspect I have cancer. As a precautionary measure I want my body checkup
There was sparking in my electric generator due to fuel leakage and I got a third degree burn.
Dry ration provided is of bad quality. People are getting sick after consuming them.
My father is sick. 
My son is ill due to bad weather.
I have been coughing for several days now, but recently I am also feeling a blockage on my throat, weaknesss and fever. 
My wife is a construction worker and since we don't have enough meals now due to shortage of money, she is weak and unable to get up
need medical assistance
My inhaler isnt working and I need a new one asap.
I am running out of my insulin injections.
Me and my parents are stuck alone in our house with severe health issues. My father has heart problems and my mother is bedridden. I need medical assistance.
Hello sir my father is very serious, he has to go to Patna for treatment and in Bihar during the covid19 it's very difficult to get any transportation to reach Patna, and I am in Delhi unfortunately I can't reach there so I request to Bihar police please help him.
1,000,000 Nitrile gloves just arrived in stock. Severe worldwide shortage.
17 people died in accident no medical help
20,000 surgical masks in stock now.
B737-700 Cargo operation stripping out passenger cabin seats to load cartons of medical supplies of personal protective equipment (PPE)
China's Ministry of Defense donated to Brunei medical supplies including masks, goggles, protective clothing, waterproof isolation suits, etc. Hoping the assistance would help fighting COVID19.
CitySafe Durham is now operating delivery service where volunteers will deliver essential items, drop off prescriptions to vulnerable people.
Countries were not being able to access medical supplies from suppliers because governments forbade the exports. Will there be shortages of other products in the coming months, due to government blocks?
Covid - medical supplies ecommere shop website template is for selling first aid items, PPE or any other essential medical supplies. 
Exxon Mobile Donates Ambulances, Vehicles, Medical Supplies for COVID-19
faye dsouza please see migrants and others staying in sant Nagar/ garhi/ prakash mohalla east of Kailash need help. There are many without food ration medicines in the area. Request you to please ask NGO/people to help them with basic. 
For $50 you can sponsor 25 masks including shipping and materials for our sewists. Any amount will be greatly appreciated.
For anyone looking for PPE Supplies, my company has made it more accessible to the public.
Govt sends medical supplies to various States
Hand Sanitizer, it don't need to wash with water and quick dry. 
I had the same issue with my medical aid at first but they need a written letter from your psychiatrist stating that your diagnosis is chronic. I don't know how it's determined, but mine was considered genetic.
If anyone is in need, call me okay! I'll use my first aid kit.
If YOU are worried about being exposed to Asymptomatic germs from me, then YOU wear a mask and stay germ free.If my mask will keep you safe, then your mask should also keep you safe if I choose not to wear one.Masks should be optional.
If you have some spare change, this group is buying groceries and medical supplies for New Yorkers in need.
If you need Ventilators,  Thermometer, Isolation STRETCHER.Call us
IndianEmbRiyadh Sir, submitted online request to travel India on Medical Emergency, I am suffering from Severe Head abnormality and heart problems. In this lockdown did many tests &amp; MRI, CT Scan etc, unable to trace real cause of illness
My hometown WuxiCity not only dispatched medical workers to Hubei Province badly-hit by COVID19, but also donated medical supplies to its sister sities in 16 countries. Highly appreciated
Our Biomedical team has an ongoing partnership with Project CURE, an organization that donates much needed medical supplies to hospitals.
Our high school just sent out a request for help for our local hospital in the suburbs. They want us to make surgical caps! They are short supplied.
Place an order for our anti-bacterial hand-wipes!
Sanitizers 8 ounce available at Neptunes 
Sir, i would like to inform you that, my mother admitted in Nehru Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital defence colony due to covid 19, she is suffering from sleeping issues and she is crying frequently , i request you kindly help on this.
There have never been adequate stockpiles of necessary medical supplies for this type of contingency, even though it's been known for generations that these situations arise. Capitalism does not safeguard public health.
today morning team of Doctors will come and take the testing sample. Its noon already and there is no one here to take sample. Also the Aarogya Setu app says I am safe.
Trump mulls executive order that would limit any federal contracts for essential drugs and medical treatments to manufacturers in the U.S.
We are manufacturers of best quality ppe kits for health care workers and our doctors.
We are your trusted online medical store. We help you deliver all your essential medical needs at your doorstep.
Where's the medic car when you need one, or were these days when you would need your own first aid kit
WHO  to condemn Houthis piracy on medical supplies, and to pressure the Houthi militia leaders to release medical materials and distribute them to hospitals to contribute to  the efficiency of health systems to counter the Coronavirus  outbreak
ZombieSquadHQ  has a fully stocked First Aid station and medics.